audience what what you done watch yeah I
have a disguise on somebody put this hat
on my face and I have these glasses now
and then there's Tim we are this is
they're closing Comic Con for the day
I've never been injured look at her get
in front of us people following her
around for a long time it's okay this is
lots of choke army of children they're
being moved out I'm sorry
oh she ran because we're not attractive
enough we're getting trouble already
I get kicked out every couple seconds we
just walked in a bus key sign right now
say hi howdy can y'all send I said hi
oh hi can you touch the lines and say
intro of darkness redness then whiteness
nicely done that's better I almost
killed somebody twice that's why I
should be in here okay so how do I do
that can we come with you oh thank you
thanks David like I did the hey I picked
up my phone I mean audience without
almost any notes distance and had it
done it's okay we're gonna I guess we're
gonna deconstruct a couple booths
volunteering
then there's your dinner baby but no
just you know how people in the
Convention Center and a half
tim is a he's focused didn't focused on
the goal high five
that's a copy kept okay so I'm gonna run
in hopefully not get kicked out again
and we're gonna deconstruct a booth and
it's trying to show you what it looks
like when people are pulling tape off
the ground that's pretty much all that's
happening bless your face if you're
certain this video bless you can we what
are we doing right now
how do that listen Lauren what are we
doing right now do I have to get a badge
I love your pants I love them
she said thank you who told us to get
some kind of secret badge I'm like this
isn't uncharted yeah I'm being really
fun in this video Tim Tim look you're
welcome bless your face if you sneezed
on this video bless you we are going to
go deconstruct the booth and hopefully
not get chopped for a fourth time yeah
but if you do subscribe I'll chop in
rudeness
there's a white in this thing oh yeah we
got temporary booth prep triangles now
which you need to help people
deconstruct their booths three of them I
love them like anything what do you feel
- it was way too easy I was like hi get
work moving stuff where's this going I
know you you changed your club
you need help anymore are you we get you
changed under the table
you smell bad
I smell I smell okay yeah we're going
okay so we got these temporary boots for
nothing we don't need these we we
covertly like snuggle and you got these
strikers and stop them no I asked this
lady I was a track man drag man drag man
hey person man
Levi triangle winds trying man what are
you doing now Lauren I don't know who
that is
none of us have badges that actually
match our names leave it alright I'm
actually what if she can help let me
bless your face again peace